hello and welcome everyone to the room paul fort in this new video
duo promo blog do the unpacking continues
nor as easy prey to contain
but by the way, that really makes an unpacking the record
a little earlier a nice little unpacking go beyond
misery
here's what to do a little tour of the water police
but we are told that it is the best device for elected professionals
port part in 2010
on the spot
three places on the side
all the features that m
mac and windows
tired that's all for all but too much is too much
so
he goes slowly out of a box
the plan
so we start with
a type of user
nicole krauss subscribe for their part magazine
a corner to do it
the cd & v kris boyd the reverend king
I think copies of the prophets
m a cable for his company
the Cameroonian waters
when following the murder
a small cardboard with
the flaw
flat rate
it is a seized material
then they are
to conclude with communism
mottier monnier to remodel the say but that was rare of the three pieces
the other
so the level
ten or so flags of the three weeks
features like video and this other side we can the
see
we find it mini usb
the crisis is too much the stif and videos in the waters of its outputs
dci does not know to plug a joystick
a flat battery sheikh sperm but such a rout
then we do not want
the charger
with the battery that slaughters
then on the m side
87 years
in the head
there is a blood test for blood
simple
what explains that it is in front of the costs of this meeting
on the podium
martine building
if if our ability
harass the shipper who both are in detention
the group
the charger
to charge the batteries%
the big battles
So here is Antoine hair more complicated than the unpacking of
sony as strait so say not very soon